	                	    Deploying the Image builder Service
				       Version 0.1 - June 14, 2012
       				       	       DRAFT


Get the sources: $ git clone git://github.com/amitsaha/gsoc2012_fbs.git

Navigate to gsoc2012_fbs, and setup conf/deploy.conf with the
following information:

[broker]
i686="amqp://guest@localhost//"
x86_64="amqp://guest@localhost//"

[master]
host=gene@localhost
workdir=/tmp/imagebuilder_webapp

[workers]
i686=root@localhost
x86_64=root@localhost
workdir=/tmp/imagebuilder_worker

The broker section of the config file should specify the information
for the broker. Since, we can have two kinds of image build requests,
i686 and x86_64, we maintain two separate brokers for them. 

The master section specifies the user@host where the web application will
be setup and which will be responsible for delegating the build
requests to the workers. The workdir specificies the location which
will be used for running the web application from and the user must
have read/write permissions in that directory. 

The workers section specifies the hosts which will act as build
nodes. More than one worker is specified by listing them as
user1@host1;user1@host2; and so on. The workdir is used by the image
builder as its work dir and storing logs etc. 'root' access is needed
on the build nodes.


Once this information has been setup, install 'fabric':

# yum install fabric

Then, run the tasks from deploy.py (Note that the SSH server must be
running and accepting connections on the master and the workers). The
fabric file currently performs a number of separate tasks:

$ fab -f /home/gene/gsoc/gsoc2012_fbs/deploy.py --list
Available commands:

    copy_files
    create_workdir_master
    create_workdir_workers
    deploy_webapp
    deploy_workers
    install_packages_master
    install_packages_workers

If you are setting up image_builder for the first time, you should run
all the tasks (in order specified), like so:

$ fab -f /home/gene/gsoc/gsoc2012_fbs/deploy.py
install_packages_worker install_packages_master create_workdir_master
create_workdir_workers copy_files deploy_webapp deploy_workers

in a single command. You may also run each task separately. You will
need to enter the appropriate password a number of times. So if you
want to avoid this, you may want to set up a passwordless
authentication between this system and the others.

Once this is completed, the build service should be accessible from
http://<master>:5000/build. If you specify a correct FTP host (setup
with anonymous login), you should have the image ready in sometime
depending on which image you build.